hello guys exotic imports here and if
you've recently seen my Bugatti Veyron
review today I'm gonna do another review
and we're continuing the trend of hard
guards to get your hands on today we'll
be looking at one of my favorite cars
it's close between the Bugatti Veyron
and this is the Lamborghini veneno quite
a sick car I really loved it
in real life five of you if you're
watching this up the world we'll add one
of these otherwise it's not a lucky day
for you this will cost you four point
five million dollars I do not know the
top speed of this car because I just
don't know I don't know if anybody's
ever tested it and in the end we're
headed back to Hot Wheels now it's
brilliantly done I love it be patient it
easy
those stripes those wheels are beautiful
on the back of this car the front of
this car everything is perfect I've
tracked us today we don't have a track
to test it with and we'll do one more
360 view for you that is my dog barking
excuse him yes things
yeah and it's close between my favorite
car and so yeah that is Hera that is the
Lamborghini veneno for 2014 Hot Wheels
why I have an idea
so the area have this exotic import
stinks setup will have a mini race and
Lamborghinis and you know I think
they're going about at the same speeds
just with of this car really won the
mini drag race Lamborghini veneno takes
it as the Lamborghini veneno 2014 hot
wheels thank you for watching